ref(jaeger): Disable Jaeger by default (#2291)
openservicemesh/osm: docs/development_guide.md

-  `grafana-*.yaml` chart templates are used to deploy a Grafana instance when grafana installation is enabled
- `prometheus-*.yaml` chart templates are used to deploy a Prometheus instance when prometheus installation is enabled
- `fluentbit-configmap.yaml` is used to provide configurations for the fluent bit sidecar and its plugins when fluent bit is enabled

> - `jaeger-*.yaml` chart templates are used to deploy a Jaeger instance when Jaeger is deployed and tracing is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `jaeger-*.yaml` chart templates are used to deploy a Jaeger instance when Jaeger deployment and tracing are enabled
```
